2022.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 11)
 * Bug Fix: Minor, non-functional, RTL update to address change in Questa behaviour.

2022.1.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 10)
 * No changes

2022.1.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 10)
 * No changes

2022.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 10)
 * Feature Enhancement: C model MEX wrapper updates to support Octave

2021.2.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 9)
 * No changes

2021.2.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 9)
 * No changes

2021.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 9)
 * Bug Fix: Correction to driver Makefiles to resolve Windows compilation failure.

2021.1.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 8)
 * No changes

2021.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 8)
 * Bug Fix: Correction to example design helper IP driver Makefiles to support Windows tool chain.
 * Bug Fix: Correction to example design board support.
 * Other: Refreshed example design helper IP for latest tool compatibilty and associated example design changes.

2020.3:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 7)
 * Bug Fix: Correction to bare metal driver register write depth check.

2020.2.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2020.2.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 6)
 * No changes

2020.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 6)
 * Bug Fix: C model example application compilation script updated to reflect Product Guide recommended command.
 * Bug Fix: Fix to example design to support Versal.
 * Other: Windows C model compilation now uses Visual Studio 2017

2020.1.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 5)
 * No changes

2020.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 5)
 * Bug Fix: Fix to example design CDC handling.
 * Bug Fix: Correct example design PS application Vitus build script.

2019.2.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2019.2.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 4)
 * No changes

2019.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 4)
 * Bug Fix: Correction dump_block function in C model example application for 5G configurations.
 * Bug Fix: Update to C model example application dump_axis function to support MS Visual Studio.
 * Bug Fix: Enhanced LDPC code validation.
 * Other: Update PS example design to use Vitis.

2019.1.3:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2019.1.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2019.1.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 3)
 * No changes

2019.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 3)
 * Bug Fix: Correction to transaction file generation on Windows.
 * Bug Fix: Addressing memory leak in MEX wrapper.
 * Bug Fix: Add DOCSIS ranging codes.
 * Bug Fix: Fixed C model crash when multiple DSP IP C models are run together: AR 71876
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2018.3.1:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 2)
 * No changes

2018.3:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 2)
 * Bug Fix: Correction to memory initialization file generation on Windows.

2018.2:
 * Version 2.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Correction to C model Offset Min-Sum implementation, AR71036.
 * Bug Fix: Improve example design AWGN channel accuracy.
 * Bug Fix: Resolve example design CDC critical warnings on the interrupt signals.

2018.1:
 * Version 2.0
 * Port Change: s_axis_ctrl_tdata and m_axis_status_tdata change from 32 to 40 bits wide when the core is configured to use the 5G New Radio (NR) standard.  There are no port changes for other configurations.
 * Bug Fix: PS example design fails to compile when Vivado project language is set to VHDL, AR70127
 * New Feature: Support for the 5G New Radio (NR) standard
 * New Feature: LDPC code tables can be initialized with LDPC codes for a given standard or with custom LDPC codes
 * New Feature: Min offset scaling option
 * New Feature: Optional output parity check
 * New Feature: Customizable reset values for core registers
 * Feature Enhancement: Optimizations to improve throughput and reduce resource utilization
 * Revision change in one or more subcores

2017.4:
 * Version 1.0 (Rev. 1)
 * Bug Fix: Fixed layer look-up issue that result in incorrect DOUT data and parity flag for single block: AR69966

2017.3:
 * Version 1.0
 * General: Initial release

(c) Copyright 2017 - 2022 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
